# Kryptonite App API 📂🗃️

The Kryptonite App API allows users to upload and manage image files using API keys. Below are the key features.

## Features

1. **File Upload Service**
   - Users must have API keys to use the Kryptonite App.
   - Files can be uploaded using the API key without an authentication token.
   - API keys are generated by users.
   - Uploaded files are associated with the user who owns the API key.
   - Only image files are allowed for the moment.

3. **Accessing Images**
   - Users can access all images or a single image without authentication.

4. **API Key invalidation**
   - Users can invalidate an API key, making it unusable.
   - API keys are issued once and never shown again to the user.
   

## Usage

1. Obtain an API key by registering as a Kryptonian.
2. Use the API key to upload image files.
3. Access images via the appropriate endpoints.


## Languages & Technologies

NestJs - TypeScript - Prisma (Postgresql) - Nodemailer - Swagger

## Documentation of endpoints

[Documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wfnIWoE5EZvxNmfzmqlJOSyvQ6NdL9OC3KUeQm8uR2I/edit?usp=sharing)

To have an overview of the current endpoints within the app, please browser to YOUR_BASE_URL/api.


## Installation

1. Clone this repository.
2. Install dependencies using `npm install`.
3. Set up your environment variables (e.g., database connection, Elasticemail credentials, etc.).
4. Run the application using `npm run start`.
   

## Installation with Docker

1. **Prerequisites**
   - Ensure that you have Docker installed on your system. If not, follow the official Docker installation guide for your operating system:
     - Install Docker on Linux
     - Install Docker on macOS
     - Install Docker on Windows

2. **Building and Running the Docker Container**
   - Open a terminal and navigate to the root directory of your project.
   - Start the container using Docker Compose:
     ```bash
     docker-compose up -d
     ```
   - Your Kryptonite App should now be have access to the postgres database running in the container.

3. **Stopping and Cleaning Up**
   - To stop the containers, run:
     ```bash
     docker-compose down
     ```
   - To remove the containers and associated volumes, use:
     ```bash
     docker-compose down -v
     ```


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow our guidelines for contributing.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
